[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: For loops.
We all write them.
We all love them.
And we all have to use
them to iterate over
an array of things.
Do you see what I did there?
Modern JavaScript has
improved for loops
to make the process
of iterating over
things much more convenient.
First in line is
the for of loop.
It iterates over the members
of an iterable, like an array.
Instead of having to
maintain an index variable
and checking against
the length of an array,
we can instead use
the of keyword.
The loop body will be executed
for each member of the array.
For a while now,
JavaScript and web APIs
have been making
extensive use of promises.
To handle any sort of
asynchronous iteration
more elegantly,
JavaScript has also
gotten support for
the for await loop.
It works the same as our
previous for of loop.
But if the value is
a promise, the loop
will await the promise.
This means it will block until
the promise resolves and will
be using the value the
promise resolves to
for the loop's body.
But wait!
There's even more.
You can make any of
your own types iterable
or use generators, which are
functions that make creating
iterable types extremely easy.
If you want to know
more, take a look
at Jake's article
in the description.
Enjoy looping and iterating.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Yeah?
What?
Really?
OK.
I'm being told you want to
watch more "Supercharged."
Well, there's two buttons
for your convenience.